#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels Featured,FAQ,FrequentlyAskedQuestions

= F.A.Q =
==When will the 3945 or 2100 be supported?==

We do not have this card in house. We can write test code, but no release is currently working. We are looking for skilled developers with a 2100 or 3945abg card to help.

==When will configuration via the Airport menu be supported?==

We may never be able to use the Airport utility. Its hard to say because we must analyze the IO80211Family which is closed source and not well documented. Use NetworkSelector instead. 

==How do I install or upgrade my driver?==
Please refer to the [http://code.google.com/p/iwidarwin/wiki/Installation installation guide.] Upgrades follow the same procedure as a new installation. 

==Why is my card detected as a PCI Ethernet adapter instead of an airport card?==

This is normal and to be expected. We wrote the driver this way because the IO80211Family is closed source and not well documented. There is more information available for "wired" adapters in Mac OS. The basic networking functions of your card will be handled by the OS and wireless features are supplimented with our "NetworkSelector" utility.

==What does NetworkSelector do?==

This application also allows you to control power to your card if you do not have an external switch. It will display any unencrypted networks in the area and allow you to associate with them. You can change the state of the wireless LED (if equiped). 

==When will WEP or 802.1x be supported?==

Because of the closed source nature of OSX86 it will be hard to make progess in this area. It may be possible in the future with an improved driver and networkselector application but currently only unencrypted networks are supported

Please make sure to update NetworkSelector any time you change drivers. 

==Why is my 2915abg is unable to connect to my unencrypted 802.11a network?==
We are aware of this issue. Stay tuned.

==Do i need to update my version of OSX to 10.4.8+ to use this driver?==
Nope, the iwi driver requires Apple80211.framework and IO80211.kext from 10.4.7


==How do I create log's to help development of the drivers?==
  # go to Terminal.App
  {{{
  % sudo -s
  % cd ~/Desktop
  % dmesg > dmesg.txt
  % cat /var/log/system.log > system.txt
  % ioreg -w 0 > ioreg.txt
  }}}
  # Now you have 3 log files; dmesg.txt, system.txt and ioreg.txt you can find them on the desktop


==How can I uninstall the driver?==
First you must determine which driver is installed, either iwi2100, iwi3945 or iwi2200.
  # go to Terminal.App
  {{{
  % sudo -s
  % rm /System/Library/Extensions/iwiXXXX.kext (replace XXXX with your specific driver)
  % rm /System/Library/Extensions.*
  % kextcache -k /System/Library/Extensions
  }}}
  # Driver is now uninstalled

==How can I tell if the driver or wireless network is working?==

{{{
1) Make sure the card is listed in Network Preferences
2) Run the NetworkSelector utility and verify the card is turned on
3) Make sure you are within range of an unencrypted 802.11b network and refresh the NetworkSelector screen to see if the network is listed and you are associated with the correct SSID.
4) Open a terminal window and run the command "ifconfig en0" and verify an IP address has been assigned. *Note*- If you get a message "adapter not present" make note of the MAC address listed in Network Preferences and then run "ifconfig" and find the matching MAC and interface name
5) If NetworkSelector says you are associated with a network and ifconfig shows no IP address try setting your address/subnet manually from within "NetworkPreferences" 
6) From the terminal try to ping your default gateway. For example "ping 192.168.0.1" (realize the gateway could be any number and you have to find this yourself)
7) If you can ping the gateway you should then try to ping an internet host "ping 67.17.144.1" 
8) Last try "ping google.com" to verify DNS is working
}}}


== Where to report bugs ==

If can use google project, send your report to [http://code.google.com/p/iwidarwin/issues/list issues].
If not please reply to this thread [http://forum.insanelymac.com/index.php?showtopic=36976].


=== Information to include in bug reports ===
The following information is required in bug reports.

 * Version of iwi *important*
 * iwi message logs (type "grep iwi /var/log/system.log > report.log" and attach "report.log" and dmesg). *important*
 * ioreg log
 * Kernel version
 * Mac OS X version
 * IO80211Family version
 * What you were doing when the bug occured 



==My question is not answered in this FAQ==

Please join the discussion over on the InsanelyMac forum by click this link http://forum.insanelymac.com/index.php?showtopic=36976
