#summary method of iwi kext
#labels Featured,Install
= Introduction =
this is currently installation documents for iwi2200.
updated fro v6(or v0.6).

== Support Hardware ==
 * Intel Pro/wireless 2200BG/2945ABG

== Requirement ==
 * Mac OS X 10.4.7 or later.

= Steps =
typing in Terminal in 2-3

 # go to Terminal.App
 # extract file 
  type in terminal
  zip version
{{{
% unzip -l iwi2200.zip 
}}}
  tgz version 
{{{
% tar zxvf iwi2220.tgz 
}}}
 # change owner
{{{
% sudo chown -R root:wheel iwi2200.kext
}}}
   if you ask password , plz type.
 # load kernel module
{{{
  % sudo kextload iwi2200
}}}
 # enabling power 
  press airpot power button?
  ( I dont know detail , my machine cannot set power button)
  
  if power is enable, "Radio is disable" display.
   
  edit file iwi2200/Contents/Info.plist and change value 1 to 0
{{{
                        <key>p_disable</key>
                        <integer>1</integer> 
}}}  
{{{
                        <key>p_disable</key>
                        <integer>0</integer> <- should change
}}}
   and reboot. after reboot, plz load kernel modeul ( 3.)
 # in 10.4.8 
   if you dont work, you can set "use_10_4_8" options
{{{
                        <key>use_10_4_8</key>
                        <integer>0</integer> 
}}}  
{{{
                        <key>p_disable</key>
                        <integer>1</integer> <- should change
}}}

== about setup ==
 * cannot sepcified network name via Airport menu. only automatic association.
 * if you cat get ip address after enable from airport menu , it work ( but nothing is displayed in airport menu). 
 * availably operation in airport menu  is ip address setting and enabling. if another is set , it will not change anything.
 
== Warning == 
 * this driver only work in open network .
 * this driver cannot specified network name. only automatic detection.
 * if u cannot get IP address via dhcp, you set static IP address.
 * if large file try to send and recieve , it may fail. 


== Bugs ==
about bug report

if can use google project, send report to [http://code.google.com/p/iwidarwin/issues/list issues].
if not, send report to [http://forum.insanelymac.com/index.php?showtopic=36976].
but i may forget report in forums. 

_we recommend to send report to [http://code.google.com/p/iwidarwin/issues/list]_

=== bug report ===
following information is required in bug reports.

 * version of iwi 
 * kerne version
 * Mac OS X version
 * IO80211Family version
 * procedure of occuring bug.
 * iwi message log( /var/log/system.log and dmesg ( if overflow in dmesg, type "grep iwi /var/log/system.log > report.log" and attached "report.log").

if information is lacking , I dont know where is problem. 

== about 10.4.8 ==
 * Crashed in 10.4.8  when  you set channel in Airpot menu.
  if open network and dont use encrpytion , it worked.

 * cannot start network scanning and associating!
   if you display " Failed to send TX_POWER: Already sending a command." in log.
  
   it may work in "use_10_4_8" options

== log message ==
 * iwi2200 part of /var/log/system.log  or dmesg ( if overflow logs, system.log)
 * ioreg (not must )

= Caution =
We dont never answer about following question .
and it reduce our motivation. plz understand it.

 * when 3945abg work ?
 * "***" function support in future version?
 * when new version release?

