#labels Featured
==Description==

NetworkSelector controls all wireless aspects of your card.
 
  * You can use it to turn the card on or off if you do not have an external switch. 
  * It can display the network you are associated with currently.
  * It can display any unencrypted networks in the area.
  * You can choose which network to associate with if there are many available
  * You can change the state of the wireless LED (if equiped). 

==Caution==

Each version of NetworkSelector is matched to the IWI driver it was included with. Un matched versions will not function properly. 

==Where to get it==
NetworkSelector should be included in the DMG file of the driver you are installing along with the package file.

==Main Screen==
{{{

Wellcome to the insanelyMac SpacePort 0.1
Adapter [mode: 0 led: off]
Associated: 'linksys (00:06:25:10:18:11)' 

1) Turn card off
2) Network List 
3) Switch led 
4) Change mode
5) Close Program 
0) Refresh

Enter Option:  
}}}

==Description of each option==
===Adapter [mode: 0 led: off]===
Mode refers to either 1 Ad-Hoc, 2 Monitor or 0 Infrastructure (default)
LED is only applicable if you have a light to display wireless status

===Associated: 'linksys (00:06:25:10:18:11)'===
This line only appears when you are connected to a network. It shows the SSID of the network and the MAC address of the AP you are connected to.

===1) Turn card off===
This line will change depending on the state of your card. 

===2) Network List===
Display detected networks and choose which you would like to associate with

===3) Switch led===
Turn the wireless LED on your computer on or off

===4) Change mode===
Configure the wireless card for either Ad-Hoc(mode 1), Monitor (mode 2) or the default Infrastructure (mode 0).

===5) Close Program===
Ill let you guess what this option does

===6) Refresh===
Update the display to show current SSID/Mode/Power/LED status
 